hey guys do it on a dime here so in this
video I'm going to show you how to make
a beautiful floral craft for this spring
using silk flowers and resin water these
things make an absolutely stunning
floral arrangement and I have literally
had people come over and ask me if these
flowers are real plus it was done on a
crazy budget and on a dime you guys know
how I roll so I think these look so
pretty on the mantle
anybody can do this and I was actually
blown away by how easy it was so let me
show you the steps in the process so the
first thing that you're going to need
are your silk flowers now I got mine on
a big discount at a seam or the large
ones were only $2 a stem and the small
ones were just a dollar a stem wait for
the end of the season and you can get
some really good discounts but you guys
the Dollar Tree also has really awesome
flower selections you should check it
out especially if you want to do this
craft on a budget
you also need faces now I already had
mine at home but again these came from
the dollar store so they did not break
the bank and the secret to this craft is
your resin water and as you guys know I
like to find the cheapest place to get
things your best bet is to go to
Michael's or to a seam or it retails for
about ten dollars there but they always
have those 52 flake 40% off coupons so I
only paid $4.99 for the kit and it comes
with these two bottles one has the resin
and one has the hardener so in order to
get started with the craft the first
thing I did was I trimmed down my flower
and I did kind of like a pre arranging
in the vase so I knew how everything was
going to look and I just used wire
cutters to do that and then I grab my
blue Solo Cup and the resin water so I
could get started the first thing you
want to do is take your hardener and you
want to pour it into your cup now I
needed about 12 ounces of water to do
this and this kit makes 12 ounces so I
just use the whole thing what you want
to do a 50-50 split and then you're
going to add the resin in on top of that
and after that all you want to do is mix
it up and swirl it together gently for
three minutes and make sure not to do it
for less than three minutes because you
want to make sure everything is well
mixed and be sure to do this in a
ventilated area with gloves on now the
tricky part is pouring it into the glass
you want to make sure that you don't get
any on the sides but if you have a
whoopsy no big deal you can just wipe it
off and then you can just arrange your
flowers the way you want inside now this
is not time sensitive at all you have
about twelve hours before it's even
going to start to harden so you can play
with this until you get it exactly
perfect now here's how I arranged the
other vase and a tip for you guys if
you're going like very minimalistic with
your flowers try to arrange the stems in
like the shape of almost a teepee at the
bottom and it's going to look make your
arrangement look really really pretty
and that's basically it then you just
want to let this sit out for about 36
hours and it's going to completely dry I
used about 12 ounces of this stuff and I
love the way that it turned out it's
super fresh for spring it makes me feel
like I have fresh flowers in the house
when I actually did it on a dime
you